#summary Software Requirements Specification
#labels Phase-Requirements
<p>
===Problem Definition:===
Program needed to schedule and checkout laptops to faculty and staff members.

===Design Overview:===
Needed components:
  * GUI interface
  * Needs to be able to scan and accept barcodes, which are used to label the checkout laptops
  * Needs to be able to schedule the use of the laptop for a variable amount of time
  * Laptops must not be scheduled if there is a schedule conflict
  * Needs to be able to assign the use of the laptop to a certain faculty/staff member.
  * Needs to be able to keep a current database of faculty and staff members
  * Faculty and staff members should be searchable by identification information such as their name or I- number.
  * Laptops should be easily searchable by their barcode or computer number.
  * A laptop needs to keep a record of its past borrowers, which should be easily searchable.
  * Faculty and staff members need a record of past laptops they’ve borrowed, easily searchable.
  * Laptops need to be able to be checked out to the faculty member for their scheduled time
  * The scheduled time needs to be changeable (as long as there are no conflicts.)
  * When there are conflicts it should be possible to schedule a new laptop for faculty/staff member in conflict (rather than just the current borrower.)
  * Email notification for when a laptop is late for both the Help Desk as well as the late borrower
  * Program access needs to be password protected.
  * Needs to be networked and synchronized with other program instances running on other machines (in particular the call center and front desk computers need to be in sync.)
  * enforce 2 weeks, available should be based on whether items been returned as well as scheduled
  * Student laptops also rented

===Absolute Requirements===
  * Graphic User interface
  * Working Database to handle people and assets
  * Schedule function
  * Checkout function
  * Checkin function
  * Laptops must not be scheduled if there is a schedule conflict
  * a record of laptops and their borrowers must be kept and easily searchable by either the laptop ID or the borrower ID.
  * Needs to be networked and synchronized with other program instances running on other machines (in particular the call center and front desk computers need to be in sync.)
 